uhoh uh oh uhoh holy [__] this is
[Music]
bad it's not what it looks
like what
happened yeah I'm yo yo whoa I'm so
fast difficult for no reason I want I
want the hat is that the one you're
wearing they don't even know I'm
dead your I hold on I'm going to go in
this are you don't throw me
the these guys need to jump in there
right now um yeah they do this isn't
fair for them to enjoy it without us
okay you
okay Aline get in the [__] trash how
did you do
that oh
look what I found um that's beautiful
can I have it sure I want to wrap them
around my head till it explodes yeah
it's like a watermelon challenge
elevator elevator elevator elevator an
elevator perfect guys let's let's
cherish this rubber band B how did you
drop this thing you'll never tell me I'm
going to spam every did I drop it it's
gone it's gone yeah bro got it he baited
us he baited us I think it's or C or E
wait it's very dark I think there was a
flashlight on the train as well it's
okay we'll just stick close together Hey
where's Mig
go I want to jump in the fan wait is
there fall damage bleeding everywhere
there is I can't confirm there is full
damage Jesus Christ a little
bloody and reg
HP it's it's not active anymore I
already stepped in it what's the
push holy [__]
I'm going to ride it oh no he's sping me
where did I don't I don't think so he's
in here he's in here he's in here he's
in here you
just my ass out look at all those legs
made I got copper oh good we need some
of that I think you're going to fall in
love with this game
cameras where'd you get that where' you
get it the train dude I I'll trade I'll
trade you this this gold ing bar for
that camera I love photography
take black and
white just
white what the fck was
that oh there we go there's the
explosion
I'm hey doggy it's another beautiful day
what
the here dude dude can I hang on to your
waist while you do that no this is the
weirdest can't B
man he's back he's back wait till we get
inside oh
no no goodbye get on it get on it get on
it bad
idea they fell for so long I'm I'm On
Top I'm on top I I'm stuck I'm stuck I'm
stuck stuck stuck you're dead I hate it
I'm so close to phic do you have to do
something please okay okay down I'm
freaking out I'm freak I don't know how
yeah I know I know you are let's I'm
going to try and lift it back up don't
fall that's not going to work it's going
to it's not funny you get a photo of
this for my mom back home yeah yeah yeah
I got
you hopefully this goes well hopefully
it stops
oh oh god dude I'm covered in blood now
man it's just a photo of the
train see you guys see you bye bye bye
oh
[__] dude you are looking good man I
found a resource there's more resource
over here guys there's something scary
over it's a claymore walking Claymore
Claymore on our Roomba oh my God it is
that is awesome oh he finally Claymore
Roomba I'm just going to make sure stay
behind him and then oh [__] I'll get a
picture of you [__] [__] [__] wait cut
through cut through cut
through okay wait guys oh he's got us
cornered he's got us
cornered wait what happened flashlight
did it
explode the last thing he left wait let
me see look this just a photo of
you there's loot
here TR trck what is that what is that
what is this thing what is that what is
that ghost or
that's the orbit of everything that has
been and will become let it touch you
let it touch you let it touch you it's
holy it's holy oh good lighting too
that's crazy Aura yo guys you need to
come this way what I'm telling you
there's a fun puzzle you need to come up
my ass there one more room here let's
clear this and then go back
holy oh [__] oh [__] uhoh okay oh [__]
hey get away hey get away from me
hey h you let him right into me a [__]
around here that
again ow oh uh oh oh
gosh um two cpes really three of them
are there three of them really really
dinosaur
oh I want the dinosaur and I'm not going
to stop until I get it okay okay I'm
sorry guys did you see the
mannequin oh you did you totally saw
because you're dead over there I
see okay okay What's your deal I have to
like look at you but like indirectly is
that it what if I guide you into the
water oo that'd be
fun oh you see we're playing a little
game now where you chase me in a
circle oh you're both yes both of your
bodies guys don't worry I'm not going to
holy [__] holy [__] what the [__]
okay
oh I
see
okay ah how am I going to get out of
this
one oh you want a hug you want a hug
that's that's real dat that's cool all
right three two oh
I can't seem to touch it oh he's in the
lift with me man I'm going to send him
up I'm got to send him up that's the
only way I got to send him up what the
[__] is that how do I use you okay I
have to I have to bait him I have to
bait him it's the only way okay you come
here
oh okay okay okay okay so drop all my
stuff with q and then
[Laughter]
GE I sure hope I don't get lost what are
these
things
beacons Oh no you're yeah okay I see
what you
are and there's another one over
there
[Music]
oh come on man I tried so hard it's
first out first out wait I don't have a
flashlight I'm blind oh man
flashlights
Soul what is this uh yeah you could say
I am the big dog around here
now a FL okay I honestly thought that
was going to hurt you I'm sorry that it
didn't up light up light two door oh
Jesus dude you been up here the whole
time I was waiting for a minute dude I
almost that thing
bro uh-oh uhoh uh-oh holy [__] this is
[Music]
bad it's not what it looks
like what happened bro just starting off
his his Cowboy Arrow too I think he
broke the elevator oh
mind whoa
there hey F check this thing out dude
should we limit test wait H I don't
think we need any more copper but just
in case take the copper wait wait wait
wait I want to try shooting it shoot
this fool shoot
him oh my gosh he's vicious I have no
ammo left there's only one in here dude
you're dead start the ship start the
ship start the ship start the ship
ship's on the
[Laughter]
ship doy start the
train uh what do I again I can't see
anything so I have to guess it the thing
is if you can't see a screen I don't
think it's going to work I think you're
just going to have to wait oh my God so
what we just we're just done then cuz I
we just wait 12 I have zero Hood lock
the doors and stay in there well you got
two hours but I'm bored brother I don't
care I'm going to I'm brother we are
this close [__] we're almost no I'm
sorry I'm so sorry I'm so sorry I'm so
sorry I'm so sorry I'm soor
sorry oh I'm so sorry I'm so sorry bro
you're not even
bro open the door fuing dead you ruined
so much just because you're bored for
what I hope it was worth it I hope it
was worth it you stupid
[__] I'm so sorry I'm so
sorry oo backs back back back back backs
what what just a little buggy don't
worry there's one of the SK bugs dude it
just scared me wait hole in the wall one
of my favorite typ of wait I found oh my
God a copper bar that nothing else I
found a whole bar of copper like a full
Ingot did you go in this doors mini yeah
I cleared it okay I didn't know we could
close doors this is new knowledge holy
[__] guys guys guys guys guys how do how
do how do we stop look at it don't look
at it don't look at it don't look at
it it's fine it's fine it's fine no it's
not we keep looking at him no we just
need to leave come this way come this
way oh [__] guys yeah he's there it's me
I'm in here I'm in here looking away
yeah yeah me too I'm right next to you
hey oh it's okay you can turn around
he's he's too far away now to even be
triggered oh really I don't know where
the other guys are but they're somewhere
in the back I saw them recently and then
they they ran
they ran the another way in here I
thought I was hopelessly lost but I
found my way back here no problem oh I
looked at I'm looking at it here I'm
Bing it towards me you're
good maybe we should stop looking maybe
we should stop
looking what the [__] murdered all of
us right now but I didn't look at it oh
my God you looking straight at no I
turned around and he still killed me oh
my gosh he just killed all of you guys
said he didn't want to go so just take
us three why I don't know he said don't
even worry about taking me okay he
doesn't want to go at all
okay oh he's here were you lying is he
floating floating what the
hell I can see why you didn't want to go
I'm fine I can see
why oh crazy Vibe Jesus welcome back
guys follow me badass this guy yeah he's
seen everything you just got to go this
way take a left here where's the
Claymore room but oh my go how come the
Claymore doesn't get triggered by the
freaking C
oh did he run into that
[__] that's crazy I can't believe that
didn't hit you
this like the corners are getting the
best of us both
[Music]
today surv that yeah
dude you crop dust me like that that's
crazy
John John it's coming in it's coming in
John it's coming
in oh my God why are all the characters
so
lumpy no offense um that's I have a lot
of
[Laughter]
padding oh he jumped you're dead you're
dead
a
man what do you mean a man this is more
time we get to spend together
oh all right perfect but I could I could
jump ow ow wait why would you do
this so excited to see my friend
[Music]
I don't want to speak to you you think
they're
alive 're
like pretty debatable they saw a barrel
I know that much first thing oh he's
right
there fits you
good oh oh my gosh do
that this
way Jesus Christ charged up my batter oh
speaking of charging up doing sorry guys
he's literally obsessed with
me did I hear something holy [__] don't
here uh is everything okay oh my God
that was a gulp moment that's for
sure oh my God Fitz holy [__] guys I
found
Smitty uhoh what was that amazing oh
here's the lift oh there's a bunch of
[__] in here Jingle Bells rubber Bell
ball who's alive over I heard a loud
scream from uh cryos and then an
explosion and no scream
over oh uh I got eyes on a potential
bogey I want to invite him in taking
elevator hey might need to take the
elevator we got spotted by this robot
just heads up oh he's going up the
stairs hey you big dummy come over here
oh [__] send
it oh my God God that was
I see the robot over oh you're
good that's like proper horror movie
[__] I'm struggling to not feel
responsible for doy's death but that's
okay did he die I'm pretty sure he di I
haven't heard from him since I'm using a
Ouija board right now can you tell me if
it's worth going back for your
loot I Dro most of
mine it's not worth going
back hell out of here okay I heard I
said it's not it's not worth going back
I heard get together for a picture guys
watch out behind you um we're
missing can you stand still cry Dam it
picture
time yay wait now get one when we land
this actually such a good photo look at
this one hold on look at that a perfect
perfect perfect that is good
is that why is joh I think it's just
metal scaffolding that looks creepy man
this is a new environment guys new
environment new environment new stuff to
explore
whoa okay guys I think there's going to
be some of those explosive Goombas down
here oh that's a big
centipede running up from behind that
would have been so
good yeah you're going to want to watch
out for those guys hey uh can
I why did you close the
door I don't want to die I don't want to
die should taking a picture of it dude I
hope we run into the mannequin I'm
staring at him while he chases you
down oh
[__] oh my gosh
holy somebody grabb the camera somebody
grabbed the camera oh my
God yeah same
level where' my flashlight go time to
get lost I don't know holy [__] I almost
ran into that Jesus [__] Christ mate
I can't hear what you're saying my ears
are ringing I was saying man that would
been so funny if you die
[Laughter]
there you have any hidden boots anywhere
this time this is an interesting Twist
on lethal all right well I guess we can
go then get the two trash compactor guys
back live you know I don't think they're
going to let us go not been completed
okay never mind it hates us it hates
that we haven't completed the assignment
well we should see what happens when we
leave I'm going to go on top of the
train so I can really see oh [__]
dude trying to the gate
John John we appear to have hit a we've
hit something yeah we hit the gate I
think we're going to give it a real hard
Ram right now I don't think that's I
didn't approve of
this what the
[Music]